
			     CALL FOR PAPERS


				LOPSTR'98

		      8th International Workshop on
	     Logic-based Program Synthesis and Transformation


	      Manchester, United Kingdom, 15 - 19 June 1998

	 Sponsored by the Association for Logic Programming (ALP)
and by the ESPRIT Network of Excellence in Computational Logic (Compulog Net)

LOPSTR'98  is  the  eighth  in  a  series  of  international  workshops  on
logic-based  program  synthesis  and  transformation.  It will  be  held in
parallel  to the Joint  International  Conference  and  Symposium  on Logic
Programming (JICSLP'98).


New Objectives

As a workshop,  LOPSTR'98 will continue the tradition of being a lively and
friendly  forum for  presenting  recent  and  current  research  as well as
discussing future trends in the synthesis and  transformation  of programs.
Compared to previous editions, however, the scope and mode of operation are
somewhat modified.

The  _scope_  now  encompasses  any  computational-logic-based  techniques,
languages, and tools for the  interactive or automated  development  of any
kinds  of  programs.  Also,  papers   discussing   programming-in-the-large
issues, or presenting practical  applications, or convincingly  arguing for
the  practical   applicability  of  given   theoretical   results  are  now
encouraged.

The  _mode_of_operation_  now is as follows.  Based upon submitted extended
abstracts,  the programme  committee  will invite  authors to present their
research  at the  workshop.  Pre-proceedings  with  the  accepted  extended
abstracts will be available at the workshop as a technical report.  Shortly
after the workshop, the programme  committee will invite the authors of the
most promising  abstracts and  presentations  to submit full papers.  After
another round of  refereeing,  the best full papers will be included in the
post-workshop  proceedings,  which are to be  published  within the Lecture
Notes in Computer Science series of Springer-Verlag.

At this point, extended abstracts of at most eight pages are thus solicited
about, but not limited to, the following topics:

	specification		analysis
	synthesis		verification
	composition		reuse
	transformation		schemas
	specialization		industrial applications

Every  submission must clearly exhibit the  relationship to the (new) scope
of the workshop, and must really be an extended  abstract.  It must thus be
a  miniature  research  paper  with the key  motivations  and  ideas,  with
outlines  of  the  proofs  of  the  key  theorems,  with  references  and a
(favorable)  comparison to related work, but without full details of proofs
or implemented  systems,  without the  description  of future work, without
ramifications  that  are  irrelevant  to the  key  ideas.  A good  extended
abstract  convinces  a  specialist  referee  of  the  significance  of  the
described research in about one hour.  Submissions that fail to comply with
these content and size requirements may be rejected  (without  refereeing),
no matter how high the scientific merit of the discussed work.


Programme Committee

    Pierre Flener       Bilkent University, Turkey   (programme chair)
 Nicoletta Cocco        University of Venice, Italy
   Andreas Hamfelt      Uppsala University, Sweden
  Kung-Kiu Lau          University of Manchester, UK  (workshop chair)
  Baudouin Le Charlier  University of Namur, Belgium
   Michael Leuschel     Catholic University of Leuven, Belgium
   Michael Lowry        NASA Ames, USA
       Ali Mili         Institute for Software Research, USA
       Lee Naish        Melbourne University, Australia
     Mario Ornaghi      University of Milan, Italy
   Alberto Pettorossi   University of Rome II, Italy
      Dave Robertson    University of Edinburgh, UK
   Richard Waldinger    SRI International, USA


Important Dates

  Submission of extended abstracts   27 March 1998
  Notification to authors             1 May 1998
  Submission of full papers          25 September 1998
  Notification to authors            30 October 1998


Submissions

Electronic  submissions are strongly encouraged.  See the workshop homepage
for  full  instructions  regarding  the  formatting  requirements  and  the
electronic   submission   procedure.  Address  all  correspondence   (email
preferred) to:

  Pierre Flener (LOPSTR'98) Phone: +90 312 266 4000 ext.1450
  Dept of Computer Science    Fax: +90 312 266 4126
  Bilkent University        Email: {lopstr98,pf}@cs.bilkent.edu.tr
  06533 Ankara                Web: http://www.cs.bilkent.edu.tr/~lopstr98
  Turkey                   Mirror: http://www.cs.man.ac.uk/~kung-kiu/lopstr98
